painting often involves talking about
some of your fellow presidential
wannabes a set of assertions made by
Senator Clinton as well as her husband
Peter Obama's campaign I think the
chinger Clinton would be the first
acknowledges but it is also about
bringing former presidents into the
political debate and no this is not
about bill it is about Republican Ronald
Reagan Ronald Reagan changed the
trajectory of America in a way that you
know Richard Nixon did not and in a row
the bill clinton did not john mccain was
inspired by ronald reagan and i enlisted
as a foot soldier
Republicans have deified the former
president they consider to be the father
of modern conservatism Reagan was a
proponent of core conservative values
such as limited government strong
foreign policy and social conservatism
many Republicans are now questioning
whether Republican frontrunner John
McCain meets the criteria he's not
always loyal to the party or
conservatives he's been kind of maverick
he's worked with Democrats on some key
issues and the big one I think that that
divides the Republican Party immigration
where he like President Bush is for a
more comprehensive immigration policy a
Reagan comparison may also help Obama
distance himself from the most liberal
member of the Senate label which the
national magazine has slept on him based
on his voting record but many Democrats
associate Reagan with hawkish foreign
policy and failed economic reforms the
reaction of Democrats is a philosophical
one that they just can't bring
themselves to concede that a
conservative Republican would have
anything good that you should save and
good about such a about a conservative
Republican like Ronald Reagan's but
Reagan is not the only Republican
President Obama has been compared to
choose an eisenhower granddaughter of
former President Dwight Eisenhower has
recently endorsed Obama she says he's
the candidate who can inspire Americans
the most dangerous thing you can have in
a democracy is self-censorship I'm
always uncomfortable with the difference
between what people say privately at
dinner parties and then what they said
publicly and there has been a concern
that the political system has become so
confrontational that it's very difficult
to say anything brave but Susan
Eisenhower has voiced her support of
Obama and even compared him to her
grandfather in 1952 Dwight Eisenhower
won the presidency with the help of
Democrats for Eisenhower movement
in Susan says crossover votes might also
play a role in this election the race
for the White House is on and many
expected to be on until the end but the
Democrat and Republican races share
something in common they're both trying
to win over conservative voters and one
way of doing this is to vote a former
Republican president and a moyel Russia
today what